Document that capacity MAY be estimated (fix #19) (#23)
smart-on-fhir/smart-scheduling-links: specification.md

	|`valueString` | string | Phone number the user can call to book this slot.

>  * "Capacity" extension: used to enable aggregated discovery at mass vaccination sites. Slot Publishers SHOULD advertise discrete slots, but MAY for p erformance or scalability reasons choose to aggregate otherwise identical slots (same schedule, status, start, and end times) with this extension. Slot Publishers MAY provide estimated capacity if precise capacity cannot be determined.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
 * "Capacity" extension: used to enable aggregated discovery at mass vaccination sites. Slot Publishers SHOULD advertise discrete slots, but MAY for performance or scalability reasons choose to aggregate otherwise identical slots (same schedule, status, start, and end times) with this extension. Slot Publishers MAY provide estimated capacity if precise capacity cannot be determined.
```
